we know that each one of those berman if each one plays the style that he has and
removed do it well if throughout the year a style
for one more than now the game us novel style jaen
we know perfectly well that it is a team because they want you to base your game on that
in these judges I who do it well knows very well
and that is also thanks to defensive work you have options in attack
because he plays very fast up and they have people
rival people who surprised you because Juan antúñez
I believe that we percent have done very well he is very
happy and very attentive to
to that defense because we knew
keyes in any play they threw the back to us and the previous pianos diego is
very focused on that
As the game goes by, we have been seeing more game domain more
fluency plus having a ball with more precision we have been arriving more
up we have failed to make clear goal chances
but well I think that zero-zero leaves the tie completely open
we have our options very clear in him
next Sunday in jaén
intimate gnc and I think and I hope he leaves the party in the jaén
put to pull higher have more more people
maybe you will not be up or more will have more your offensive options and that
because we are going to demand two things from him
defend just as well as today even better
i percent up then this network
is with spaces in the bars give more space because they are going to throw more
up if she knowing how we should win another year
on equipment that are tactically
modern art defensively
and look for things with
muddy before that endurance of are uprights
and good to say expected a difficult team that we understand did not do much
plus
but good melzer but we have not seen that dispersion of what was to be done
for laptop in a bulletin form to the sun and that is a sanam house
hundred and therefore shabak
and if it's a shame we tell how you see the only two areas that are no
transfer of transplants and well I think the trend is positive
egíbar has tried
the finger the way but we're a lot James ivory and you have to think about
in Iran and has raised it is good to stay in between jaén beech over
mark goal I think they score a golden goal of the law or anything like that puts us
my
- apart is a good team defensively are very ordered that
that are there experienced people from a country is complicated complicated what
they helped at this point
any misunderstanding of
the agreement involves the going and another of
we have enough potential to could jaén and
called ten
hansen llull walsh and move it
past booty
noise at the end you can keep the fortune markedly bonanza
loreto nauta also do not join the have not gotten in the goal to zero també
king the office
all or because there is an atc citizenship of fashion chains
thanks the real one can get the brand ford a gaza if they mark we have two
options the
I left the kongoli palm behind the cranberry and go
already assured although this has happened as in its diffusion